one question that comes up quite
frequently is can you explain the
scaling process of getting to million
doll months a lot of people find
themselves stuck at low couple hundred
grand there's even people who come
through our offers nowadays we just had
a guy just recently come through that
was stuck at about $2 million a month
and just could not break the ceiling you
can come across many different ceilings
no matter what level you're at and in
this specific video I'm going to address
how to handle them my name is Jeremy
Haynes and if you're unfamiliar with
this Channel or are brand new and this
is your first time watching first of all
welcome in smart of you to be here all
we talk about on this channel is hitting
million doll months we take all the
lessons from the currently 40 different
businesses that we've helped to get
there and just hand them down to you
inside of these videos we don't make any
income claims we just simply take the
lessons from these different people and
hand them down to you if you're already
a subscriber welcome back I've got
another Banger for you here today
without further Ado let's dive in so
first of all I pulled some inspiration
here visually from Mr Ray doia Ray doio
has an incredible book called principles
and one of the visuals that he has as
soon as I saw it just bingo connected
with me mentally and I said if that
doesn't represent how scaling works I
don't know what does so I'm going to
walk you through this process this is
extremely common you can apply to
yourself if you're already doing low
couple hundred grand and you're stuck
you can even apply to yourself if you're
just shy of 100K a month and potentially
get to the point where these lessons are
something you can Implement and again
even if you are already at the million
doll plus month Benchmark and again
you're stuck this is likely why so first
things first you figured out something
that works you got it row as positive
and it's time to start the scaling
process surprisingly and this happens to
be clear and very transparent with you
at almost every level of the game it's
one of the most shocking things to me
it's as though either people who are at
the bottom specifically and have not
started scaling yet they get caught in
this like I call it tinkering your way
to Poverty you can split test your way
into mediocre stagnant positions in
business a lot of people will get
attached to some Grand Raz that they
have in some instances it's the opposite
they're row as positive but they're not
as row as positive as they think they
should be simply put these people at
this lower level that don't even start
the scaling process typically get
attached to what a roaz expectation
should be okay and rather than just
being profitable in starting the process
and making a whole lot more money they
instead split test their way to Poverty
okay and they stay stuck as a result of
that there's nothing wrong with fixing
[__] as you scale but don't let split
testing be something that prevent you
from scaling in the first place at all
as soon as you get something that's row
as positive that's efficient to be able
to deliver on and is scalable okay you
start spending more money a very
tactical way to go about doing this is
to make sure you actually set aside a
set percentage of your total profit to
reinvest back into ad spend okay that's
one of the first booby traps that
happens at this specific level of the
game before you even technically take
off you don't even focus on re
investment okay you're making the profit
and just pulling it out and doing who
[__] knows what with it anything
other than scaling with it that's for
sure okay and in another instances it's
not that you're not willing to spend
more money again you just get attached
to what some specific row as should be
we've had guys that have like 25x Raz
when they're at this specific level and
every time they start the scaling
process their Raz slips to only like a
15 or an 18x row as and they start
flipping the [__] out thinking oh I need
to make sure that it goes back up to 25
before God forbid I start spending more
money and only turning a dollar into 15
or1 18 instead of a dollar into 25 is
how ridiculous that sounds spend more
[__] money we get other people as an
example where they'll be at like a 3X
row at you know something more
conservative and again they start
pressing the gas they stay at a 3X but
they're like M you know I'd rather this
be at like a 5x or a 6X so again they
end up scaling it back down and even
worse and this is kind of crazy to be
fair but you'll find people that like
barely press the gas and then they just
kind of get scared I don't generally
find that [__] watch my YouTube
channel but hey if that's you it's time
to put your balls on the table here and
there and spend some more money when
it's appropriate to do so but I digress
let's move on to what happens next after
you get something that's row ass
positive and working and you start to
press the gas a little bit simple enough
you start spending more money okay you
start spending more money in scaling and
again I can't stress this enough one of
the easiest ways to go about doing this
is obviously doing Financial modeling
being aware of what we consider and I
want to give some Cliff Notes on this a
good great and intolerable kpi Benchmark
for each statistic in your model okay as
an example of this let's say I'm running
a call funnel I can be very clear on
what my cost per call can go up to
that's considered good really good like
great and then if it goes above this
it's intolerable I can't tolerate
anything above that I won't be
profitable as long as all my other
statistics hold okay being aware of
these three kpis makes a tremendous
difference for the certainty and
confidence that you'll have as you start
scaling same thing with things like show
rate in a call funnel example close rate
um aov the you're actually cash
collecting per sale on average pifs
funding Partners can also help give or
take what you're selling uh any funnel
to be clear can be modeled out if it's a
webinar as an example you've got your
clickthrough rate your cpms your opt-in
rate your show rate your conversion rate
you know cash collected obviously it's
all kinds of Statistics that you need to
be aware of for those three different
categories of good great and intolerable
benchmarks for each one of those
specific kpis if you go into it blind
okay and you are oblivious to what you
can actually spend up to or what that
kpi flux up to then you're going to lose
a lot of certainty real quick when you
start to spend more money okay there's
going to be days that are really good
there's going to be days that suck ass
okay the suck ass days are like booby
traps if you judge on extremely
short-term time frames you have a much
higher probability to pull back the
spend it's not good okay you don't want
to be that kind of person you want to be
able to judge things on a broader
duration of time the contextual broader
duration of time that's generally most
appropriate to judge things by is your
sales cycle okay so if I have an average
sales cycle timeline of let's say 7 days
I have to endure roughly 10 to 14 days
because if I only endure 7 days that
means I'm technically only accounting
for day one's spend out of the 7-Day
window if I have a full seven days of
spend I can technically start to judge
it at the end of the 14th day you see
what I'm saying you have to have a time
frame that you're also aware of and
tapped into in addition to the good
great and intolerable kpis so you know
over a broader window whether you're
still profitable or not okay can't tell
you the countless amount of times we're
working with businesses at every [__]
level of the game that just start
freaking out the biggest guys do it and
the smallest guys do it you got to know
your certainty kpi okay and you got to
know the duration and time that you can
actually look if you are in doubt just
look up the last 30 days worth of buyers
and look at their origination dates okay
that'll give you the true average of
your sales cycle you'd be impressed of
how few businesses actually dig into
these statistics and have accuracy on
them most people are inherently
extremely lazy and even though they
don't want to identify as lazy they are
and they don't actually look at these
statistics for what they can truly be
they barely build any Financial models
if any you have to do these things when
you're scaling I promise it'll make
things so much easier and and just give
you a lot more certainty and confidence
that's required when you're scaling and
reinvesting dollars okay here's the
third thing that kind of starts to occur
okay something along the way just kind
of comes up and there's all kinds of
different things that come up obviously
relative to what specific funnels you
have okay okay all these different
problems I'm about to describe are
obviously inherent to specific
businesses that we've worked with your
specific problems might be similar you
might have completely different problems
but something generally pops up some
very simple examples let's use a call
funnel or a webinar that pushes people
to book calls as examples okay so you
start the process of scaling up and you
might suck ass at recruiting good
closers into the business or the closers
that you've recruited have sucked AKA
you might suck at training development
and Sales Management but I let's use the
example that the people you hired did
actually suck obviously you got to go
through the process of hiring new
batches of people and if you just focus
on that one problem in itself that can
be a very timeconsuming issue that can
drag on for upwards of 3 to 4 weeks to
get a closer recruited to get a closer
trained and onboarded to get a closer
officially tag teaming with another
closer or yourself to officially get
them confident and then to get the
closer on the phone that's generally a
good like 3 to four week process okay
that's one of the most common things
that can typically hold a business back
that's why I use this visual here right
you start here towards the bottom where
things you're in the figure out phase
then you move into the window of okay
I'm starting to scale and then you hit
this phase right here where something
becomes wrong okay and you've
specifically got to start paying
attention to what is holding it back
okay I'll give you another good one as
an example one of my inner circle
members he had paired up with another
Inner Circle member to do his marketing
good for him and this guy specifically
started scaling and it did really really
good for the guy he went from about 100
k a month to a little over 200k a month
within the first 30 days working with
the guy but as they started their
scaling process one thing in particular
popped up the guy who is scaling instead
of following the scaling principles that
I teach and like to talk about which are
also some of the best practices out
there such as only scaling about 10 to
30% a day sometimes multiple times a day
the cost per result holds within that
same period of time while you're scaling
up if you do it too aggressively your
cost per result can kind of start to
spin the wheels you don't get as good of
a cost starts to get Out Of Reach really
quickly which again if you're oblivious
to your good great and intolerable kpis
you'll just continue scaling anyway
which is what this specific business did
so they were scaling about 50% a day for
many days in a row trying to milk
existing creatives that were really good
in the words of the marketer but they
didn't overcome ad fatigue we have a
whole video on this channel it's one of
the First videos that I posted on the
page here that you can go check out on
what to do to overcome ad fatigue
protocol and of course if you're an
existing student of mine and something
like my master internet marketing group
or my inner circle program we have an
entire PDF sop guide on overcoming ad
fatigue titled what is AD fatigue DM me
in the instance that you don't have it
or tag me in one of the group chats and
I'll happily get it to you to be clear
ad fatigue is a huge problem and it's
one of the most common instances to be
clear this specific example of them
scaling up and then having the problem
that they had to deal with it was just
ad fa all they had to do is just
relaunch their creatives with some fresh
campaigns some fresh creatives within
those campaigns everything would have
been all good again and that's a very
fast and easy problem to solve there's
generally two types of problems that
occur at these different levels one of
them is what we call marketing knobs
coined by my buddy Josh Troy and another
one is the people problems people
problems are far longer to solve
typically weeks at a time at a minimum
marketing knobs are generally things
that can be done almost instant [__]
taneously as an example overcoming ad
fatigue just require some fresh
creatives that at most as long as the
person can film or maybe you have
somebody that can just make your ads for
you can be extremely fast problem to
solve typically within the day in other
instances again if it's a people problem
like the closer example I can drag on
for quite a bit of time but what you'll
notice is is you eventually although yes
you deal with a minor contraction in
that phase specifically start the
process of swinging back up again and
when you start the process of scaling
back up that's the period of time that
we consider the make sure it works again
phase okay the make sure it works again
phase is generally where you want to
regain some certainty okay we had a
client just recently it was one of our
Inner Circle members who had done a
webinar their last month's webinar had
done phenomenal they flipped about 43k
and a test budget to a little over
$248,000 really good for them especially
for a test they did a second webinar and
they changed in their own words over 80%
of what was done in the first webinar
they changed the ads they changed the
copy in the ads they changed the
messaging of the page they changed the
webinar content itself and they didn't
do so good the second webinar you know
so they started the process of scaling
up they got to the point where they
executed the second webinar and it just
did not go well at all as a matter of
fact I'm pretty sure they lost money on
the second webinar they get on a call
with me to do a debrief and again we dig
into it we find out it was very evident
why it didn't work it changed damn near
everything instead of just repeating
success uccessful actions and scaling it
but then they go on to do a third
webinar the third webinar is where
you're in the phase of make sure it
works again okay you don't necessarily
have to contract back down that's the
one thing I want to make extremely clear
about scaling it's like you might think
in that example that they scaled up and
it failed technically so then they got
to repeat the process all over again but
that's not necessarily how it works in
reality you might just stay stuck at a
specific level for a longer duration of
time and then you start the process of
scaling back up again until you reach
the next new level this can represent
the stagnancy that can happen at almost
any level of the game this is what I was
inferring at the beginning of the video
we've seen people stuck at low couple
hundred grand a month we've seen people
stuck like the guy who recently came
through our funnel that was at about 2
to 3 million a month there's Plateau at
all levels of the game it doesn't mean
that you contract aggressively back down
to the previous levels you were once at
just means you kind of stay stuck so
like in that webinar example I just
provided they didn't contract back down
they just have to stay stuck at that
level until they get the confidence
again that's what's very key about this
next phas to make sure it works again
phase they're going to spend about the
same 45ish K that they spent the first
webinar okay they're going to return
about the same amount they did the first
webinar price somewhere in that 250
range once they make sure it works again
press the [__] gas and start scaling
you feel me that's as simple as it is so
again once they get through that part of
the phase it's pretty simple right you
start scaling again you start pressing
the gas and then the cycle repeats
itself all of a sudden you got new
issues that popped up and you're just
repeating the same same thing again and
again and again it's never from my
experience from what I've seen anyway
just a smooth sailing ride all the way
up there's always something and usually
the something that it is are generally
from three main areas and those three
main areas are pretty simple and common
in almost all businesses it's either a
sales problem a marketing problem or
some kind of operations issue there are
instances where it can be something else
but these are the big three when it
comes to problems that can arise along
the way when you look at these windows
specifically during these like minor
contraction phases okay that's what's
key you got to be aware of this specific
cycle cuz if you lack the self-awareness
on the fact that this is happening you
end up getting distraught and have a
much higher probability to contract or
just stay stuck there's a specific
protocol that you have to do at each
level of the game it's generally that
simple if you're oblivious to the
protocol of what to do like imagine
you're driving down the road you pop a
tire your little notification pops up on
your dashboard that says hey bro you got
a flat and you don't know what the [__]
to do so you just keep on driving you
damage the vehicle exponentially more if
you just keep driving the vehicle and
don't know what to do in that example
it's the same thing if you have a check
engine light some check engine lights
are minor like a sensor going out other
check engine lights are pretty [__]
major and the whole point is you have
some type of signal that you become
self-aware of that helps you diagnose
the severity of the issue and that can
determine literally the need to pull the
vehicle over or that you can keep
driving take it back home and just
service it at a later time every problem
that has like little indication lights
in your business you got to be aware of
the severity of them and what to do as a
result again imagine if you're just
oblivious to what those signals are how
they work what they mean you're going to
have a really bad time when you're
trying to scale up to million dollar a
months if that's the case cuz you're not
going to know what the [__] to do so if
that's you or if you are stuck one thing
I'd really encourage you to do is
consider joining into my inner circle
offer there's a link for it in the
description of the video you and I will
jump on to twice a month one-on-one
calls we do weekly group calls that are
about an hour sometimes upwards of an
hour and a half long that you can
request the topics for we also do
quarterly in-person masterminds right
here in the penous in Miami Florida we
have an incredible movie theater room
that we do the presentations in and then
we bring it up here for the networking
time on Saturday night and all day
Sunday to hang out and just Network we
have a big 2500t balcony up here where
we hang out in addition to just being
right here where you see me now the unit
itself lastly we have a group chat full
of rich people trying to get a hell of a
lot richer than they are right now that
are all extremely transparent with one
another and actually give a [__] about
each other cuz it's a give and take
relationship that you develop with the
other people in the group you get some
great friends great relationships and
some great value outside of just myself
cuz all the other people in there are
just like you they want to get a hell of
a lot richer than they are right now and
they're fed up with being stuck we also
have my master internet marketing
program perfect to train your staff or
perfect to train yourself if you're an
individual seven full weeks of 3 to 5
Hour Liv live classes worksheets to help
with retention from each one of the
topics that are covered in the videos in
addition to that we have a tremendous
volume of videos to consume in between
each one of the live classes for your
homework it is designed in a way that
has such an extreme intensity to help
with the information being retained at
its highest possible levels but to also
not talk to you like you're a baby it's
a lot of intermediate and advanced [__]
that we're going to put you on game to
inside of that offer as well the inner
circle is an ongoing recurring price
point that we generally want people to
commit to for a year the master internet
marketing program is a transactional
price onetime access for the lifetime of
the offer which you are obviously
welcome to also check out in the
description of this video either way I
genuinely appreciate you watching and
consuming this content if you're not a
subscriber consider pressing that
subscribe button below and the little
bell to get some notifications and if
you're already a subscriber thank you so
much for watching the video go ahead and
go to my channel and check out some of
the other videos that you may have
missed in between this one and some of
the last few bangers I appreciate you
being here go get Richard